「うふふ……料理来るの楽しみだね？」=Are you looking forward to ...'s cooking?
「そうだね。でも……さっき、注文したばかりだから、もうちょっとかかると思うよ」=Yes, I am. Yeah, but I just ordered ... so it's gonna be a while.
「それは分かってるけど、今から楽しみで……」=I know, but I'm looking forward to it...
「はは、ウキウキしてるね。そういえば……[H名]は料理とかするの？」=Haha, you're getting excited. Speaking of which, does ...[H名] cook?
「少しくらいは。そんなに凝ったものは出来ないけど……」=A little bit. I can't do anything too elaborate...
「そうなんだ！　どんなのを作るの？」=Oh, really?　What kind of things do you cook?
「うーん……小説とかに出てきた料理は、再現できるものなら再現したいって思って作ったりするわ」=Hmmm..... I make dishes from novels, if I can recreate them.
「小説料理の再現！？　それはすごい。レシピとか調べちゃうんだ？」=Reproduction of novel dishes?　That's great. Do you look up recipes?
「簡単にできそうなものだけだよ。その作品に出てきた料理を作って食べてみると、もっとその作品世界に入り込める気がして」=Only the ones that seem easy to make. I feel like I can get into the world of the novel more if I try to make and eat the dishes from the novel.
「例えば朝に豆のスープとかを作ってそれを食べてみると、あの時の主人公の心境ってこうだったのかなって」=For example, if I made bean soup in the morning and ate it, I would wonder what the main character was thinking at that time.
「そうやって主人公の行動をトレースするっていう、作品の掘り下げ方もあるんだね……」=So there's a way to delve into the work by tracing the main character's actions like that...
「ちょっと恥ずかしいけど……食べるのが専門ね。でも小説に出てきた料理はできるだけ食べてみたいかも」=I'm a little embarrassed to say this, but ... I specialize in eating. I'm a little embarrassed to admit it, but I specialize in  eating. But I'd like to try as many of the dishes mentioned in novels as possible.
「例えば海外の小説なら、その国の料理がよく出てくるでしょ？　そういうのを読むと、食べてみたいなって」=For example, in foreign novels, the cuisine of the country is often mentioned.　When I read them, I want to try them.
「そうだね。本場のパエリアとか、ジャンバラヤとか、そういうのって食べてみたいよね」=That's right. I want to try authentic paella, jambalaya, etc.
「レストランとかで出てくる料理ならまだいいけど、家庭料理とかは食べることすら難しそうだし……」=I'd like to try authentic paella or jambalaya. It's okay if it's served in a restaurant or something, but it's hard to even try home cooking...
「あー、確かに……定番料理ならともかく、家庭料理はあんまりみないね」=Oh, that's true... I don't see many home cooked dishes, let alone the standard ones.
「……やっぱり、料理とか出来たほうがいいのかも」=... Maybe it's better if you can cook.
「作れなくったって大丈夫だよ。料理に限らず何でも、好きな人や得意な人に任せるのが一番だからね」=It's okay if you can't cook. It is best to leave everything, not just cooking, to those who like it or are good at it.
