「この歌も俺の好きな曲……相変わらず、よく俺のこと分かってるね。こういうのも逐一チェックしてるの？」=This is also my favorite song... As usual, you know me well. Do you check out these things all the time?
「あなたのことを日々勉強するのが私の生き甲斐ですから♡　もし自分で自分のことがわからなくなったら、私に何でも聞いてくださいね♡」=Studying you day by day is what makes my life worth living, so ♡ if you can't figure out who you are, please ask me anything ♡
「あはは、[H名]と付き合ってれば、自分探しの旅になんて出なくていいだろうね」=Haha, if I go out with [H名], I won't have to go on a journey of self-discovery, will I?
「そうですよ♡　あなたの魅力は私が全部知ってますし、これからも探していきます♡　あなたが短所だと思ってるところも、裏返せば長所です♡」=That's right ♡ I know all about your charms and will continue to search for them ♡ The things you think are your weaknesses are also your strengths when you turn them around ♡
（自分のことになると後ろ向きなのに、俺に対しては前のめりすぎなんだよな。そういうところも可愛いけど）=(You're so backward when it comes to yourself, but you're too forward when it comes to me. That part is cute, too.
「昔は[H名]のそういうところ、少し怖いって思ってたけど、今はなんか安心するよ。俺の一番の理解者が一番近くにいてくれるっていうか……」=(You're too forward with me even though you're backward when it comes to yourself. I used to be a little scared of that kind of thing about [H名], but now I feel at ease. It's like the person who understands me the most is the one who is closest to me...
「い、一番の、理解者♡　わ、私がですか？　嬉しい、です♡」=The one who understands me the most ♡ I do?　I'm so happy.
「そもそも、俺のことを色々勘違いしてたのは最初の頃だけだったしね」=In the first place, it was only in the beginning that you misunderstood me in many ways.
「はい♡　今はあなたと付き合えて、あなたの本当の魅力を日々体感してます♡　どこを切り取っても、魅力的な男の人です♡」=Yes ♡ Now that I'm going out with you, I'm experiencing your true charm every day ♡ No matter how you slice it, you're an attractive man ♡
（どこを切り取ってもって……言い回しがちょっと怖いぞ）=(Whichever way you slice it... the phrasing is a little scary.)
「あ、でも、[H名]は思い込みが激しいし、すぐ病んじゃうタイプなんだから、言いたいことがあったら我慢せずに言ってね。自分のこともよく理解するように」=(The way you say that is a little scary.) "Oh, but [H名] is the type of person who assumes too much and gets sick easily, so if you have something to say, don't hold back. And understand yourself well.
「は、はいぃ♡　あなたに心配してもらえて嬉しいです♡　ちゃんと自分を大切にしますね♡　あなたのために♡」=I'm glad that you're worried about me. I'll take good care of myself for you.
（ビミョーにずれてるんだけど、どんな形であれ自分を大切にしてくれれば、今はそれでいいか）=(I'm a little off, but as long as you take care of yourself in any way, that's all that matters for now.
「いいえ♡　あなたの音楽の趣味をよく知ってる友達から聞いたんです♡」=No, handsome, I heard about it from a friend who knows your taste in music well.
（そういえば、俺と付き合い始めてから友達が増えたって言ってたな。いい傾向だ）=(Come to think of it, you said you've made more friends since you started going out with me. That's a good trend.
「俺の音楽の趣味を知ってるってことは……あの子かな？　でも、嫉妬とかしないの？」=(Come to think of it, she said she's made a lot of friends since she started dating me.　But aren't you jealous or something?
「正直に言いますと、そういう感情は消せないです……けど、我慢して知ったあなたの情報を活かすことを考えれば、耐えられます♡」=To be honest, I can't erase those feelings ... but I can endure them if I think about making use of the information I've learned about you by being patient and handsome.
「嫉妬して、その子からあなたの情報を聞き出せないより、我慢して聞き出して、こうやってカラオケであなたの好きな曲を歌える方が、幸せです♡」=Rather than being jealous and not being able to find out information about you from her, I'd rather endure and find out and sing your favorite song at karaoke like this.
「すごいな。自分のどうしようもない感情と戦えるんだね、偉いよ」=That's amazing. You can fight against your own helpless emotions, that's great.
「じゃあ、もっと俺の好きな歌を歌ってほしいな。[H名]の歌声、くせになるね」=Well, I hope you'll sing more of my favorite songs. I want you to sing more of my favorite songs. Your voice is so addictive.
「は、はい♡　じゃあ、音痴ですけど……もっと、歌います♡　私がしたことであなたが喜んでくれるのも、クセになりますね♡」=Yes, I do. I'm not very good at singing, but I'll try to sing ... more. I'm sure you'll be happy with what I do.
