「いい匂いがする。このお店、自家製で豆を挽いてるみたいだね」=It smells good. This place seems to grind its own beans.
「ええ、さっきも煎った豆を引く、ゴリゴリした音が聞こえてきたわね」=Yeah, I could hear the grinding sound of the roasted beans just now.
「ああいう作業って楽しそうだね。手間暇が食べ物を美味しくしてさ、満足感が大きくなるんだ」=That kind of work sounds like fun. It's the time and effort that makes the food taste better and gives you more satisfaction.
「ええ、料理に大切な手順ね。うふふ、それに……手作業にこだわる職人さんみたいな人に、魅力を感じちゃうの」=Yes, it's an important step in cooking. Yes, it's an important step in the cooking process, and I'm attracted to people like ... who insist on working by hand.
「ああ、わかるよ。いかにもって感じのマスターにコーヒーを淹れられると、飲む前から『絶対美味しい』ってなっちゃうよね」=Yeah, I know what you mean. I understand. When a master makes me a cup of coffee, I'm sure it's going to be delicious even before I drink it.
「ええ、ここのマスターも素敵な人だったわ。きっと美味しいコーヒーを飲ませてくれるんでしょうね。楽しみだわ」=Yes, the master here is a nice man. Yes, the master here was also a nice man. I'm sure he will make me a delicious cup of coffee. I'm looking forward to it.
「そういえば、ブレンドコーヒーを頼んでたよね」=By the way, you ordered a blended coffee, didn't you?
「ええ、やっぱりブレンドを飲まなきゃ。じゃないとどういうお店なのかわからないもの」=Yes, I have to have the blend. Yes, you have to drink the blend, otherwise you won't know what kind of store it is.
「コーヒーに拘っているのか、それとも紅茶の方が美味しいのか……まあ、私はどっちも好きだから両方美味しい方が嬉しいんだけどね」=Do you care about coffee or is the tea better? ... Well, I like both, so I'm happy if both are good.
「ふうん……じゃあ、今日のコーヒーは、どうやって飲むの？」=Hmm... So, how are you going to drink your coffee today?
「そうね。今日はブラックな気分かしら」=Well. I think I'm in the mood for black today.
「そうなんだ。じゃあ、ブラックじゃない気分のときもあるんだ」=I see. Well, there are times when you don't feel like black.
「ええ。甘くてミルクたっぷりのカフェオレを飲みたい日もあるもの。でも基本的にはブラックのスッキリした苦味が大好きよ」=Yes. Yes, there are days when I want to drink a sweet café au lait with lots of milk. But basically, I love the clean bitter taste of black.
「ここはどんなコーヒーを出すのかしら……待ち遠しいわ」=I can't wait to see what kind of coffee they serve at ...
「そうねー。ブラックは苦手だから、砂糖もミルクもたっぷり入れちゃうわね」=I can't wait to see what they serve here. I don't like it black, so I add a lot of sugar and milk.
「ああ、わかるよ、苦すぎると飲めないもんね」=Yeah, I know what you mean. If it's too bitter, you can't drink it.
「それでも苦いまま飲む人も結構いるのよね。そこまで私コーヒー通ってわけじゃないから、そういう人が羨ましいわ」=I know a lot of people who still drink it bitter. I'm not that much of a coffee drinker, so I envy those people.
「うん……だよね。ああ、話してたら、早く飲みたくなって来た……」=Yeah, it's ... Oh, I can't wait to drink it...
