「いつ聴いても[H名]は歌うまいよね。歌の勉強もしてるの？」=You're always a great singer, aren't you? Are you studying singing too?
「ウン♪　通ってる語学ｓｃｈｏｏｌで、ｖｏｃａｌ　ｌｅｓｓｏｎ　ｃｌａｓｓ取ってるヨ♪」=Yes, I'm taking a vocal lesson class at the language school I go to.
「ボーカルレッスンクラスかぁ。なんだかアイドルみたいだね……あれ、アイドルって、海外では偶像って意味なんだっけ？」=A vocal lesson class. It sounds like an idol... Oh, does idol mean idol in other countries?
「Ｙｅａｈ，ｔｈａｔ’ｓ　ｒｉｇｈｔ♪　アナタが言いたいの、ｐｏｐ　ｓｔａｒダネ♪　デモ、ソンナ本格的なのと違うカラ～」=Yeah, that's right." "What you're trying to say is that you're a pop star." "Demo, it's not like a real one.
「うーん、でも、歌がすごくうまい帰国子女アイドルって、人気でる気がするなぁ」=Hmm, but I think idols who can sing really well and are returnees would be popular.
「フフ♡　褒めてくれるの嬉しいケド、ワタシはアナタだけのＩｄｏｌでいたいナ♡　ナンチャテ♡」=It's nice to hear your praise, but I want to be your own idol.
「！　あはは、少し照れちゃうけど、俺もそっちの方がいいな。人気が出て会えなくなったりしたら寂しいし」=I'm so happy to hear your compliments, but I want to be your only Idol.　Haha, I'm a little embarrassed, but I'd prefer that too. I'm a little embarrassed, but I'd prefer it that way too. I'd be sad if I couldn't see you anymore because of your popularity.
「デショ♡　アナタと楽しく歌うコトがｂｅｓｔダカラ、今のママがｂｅｓｔナノ♡　ホラ、次はアナタの番ダヨ♡」=I want to have fun singing with you, so my current mom is the best.
「よーし、二人で盛り上がれる曲、歌っちゃうぞ！」=Okay, I'm going to sing a song that we can have fun together.
「Ｃｏｏｌ♡　二人、ノリノリして、ウキウキなっちゃうゾー♪　Ｙｅａｈ♪」=Cool, handsome, we'll sing a song we can both get excited about.
（[H名]とのカラオケは本当にノリノリになれるから、楽しいなぁ～♪）=Karaoke with [Name] is really fun because we can get into the groove.
「昔カラ、Ｍａｍａがニッポン語の歌よく聴いてるノ♪　ダカラ、歌ナラ、ｉｎｔｏｎａｔｉｏｎトカ、ａｃｃｅｎｔトカ、分かるんダヨ♪」=In the past, Mama used to listen to a lot of Japanese songs, and she can understand intonation and accent.
「へぇ、すごいな。それだけで歌えるようになるものなの？」=Wow, that's amazing. Is that enough for you to be able to sing?
「ウーン……なるケド、ココロ込められたのは最近カナ？　言葉のｎｕａｎｃｅが分かって、コンナ歌だったんだ～ッテ♪」=I'm sure you'll be able to.　You know the nuance of the words, and it's a real song.
「わかるわかる。俺も洋楽聴いてて、いい曲だな～と思って歌詞の意味調べたら、とんでもないこと言ってて驚いたことあるよ」=I know, I know. I was listening to western music and I thought it was a great song, so I looked up the meaning of the lyrics and was surprised to find out that it said something crazy.
「ワカルワカル♡　フフ♡　育った国が違うのに、アナタと同じこと思う嬉しいナ♡」=I'm so glad you feel the same way even though we grew up in different countries.
「俺も！　よーし、じゃあ歌詞の意味調べて驚いた曲、歌ってみようかな」=Me too!　All right, I'll look up the meaning of the lyrics and sing the song that surprised me.
「Ｙａｈｏｏ♡　聴きたい聴きたい♡」=Yahoo! I want to hear it!
「下手だけど笑わないでね？」=I'm not very good at this, but don't laugh, okay?
「Ｎｏ　ｗａｙ♡　アナタもワタシのカタコトニッポン語、笑わないデショ？　それと同じダカラ、ｇｒｏｏｖｙに歌ってネ♡」=No way ♡ Don't you laugh at my broken Japanese?　No way ♡ Don't you laugh at my raspy Japanese? - Just like that, sing groovy.
「ＯＫ！」=OK!
