「はぁぁ、こういう喫茶店って落ち着くよね。私の地元、こげんお店全然なかったけん、なんか嬉しいん」=I feel at home in a coffee shop like this, don't you? In my hometown, there were no stores like this, so I'm glad.
「地元って喫茶店なかったんだ？」=You didn't have a coffee shop in your hometown?
「うん、喫茶店どころか、ご飯食べるところもほとんどなかったん。ほとんど田んぼで……えーっと……そうそう田舎を舞台にしたアニメがあるやろ？　本当あんな感じ」=There were no coffee shops or even places to eat. There were almost no places to eat, not even coffee shops. It was mostly rice paddies... Let's see... Yes, there is an anime set in the countryside, right?　It's just like that.
「ああ、見たことあるかも！　映画にもなったアニメだよね。あんな感じっていうことは……相当のどかなんだね」=Oh, I've seen that before!　It's an anime that was made into a movie. If it's like that, then it must be ... quite idyllic.
「うーん、のどかと言えば聞こえはいいっちゃけど……何もないっていうか……とにかく田舎なん」=Well, it sounds idyllic, but there's ... nothing, it's just ... country.
「あ、でもね、どこの家にも車があるけん、外食に行く時はいつもドライブ気分やったん。それは結構楽しかったかなぁ」=Oh, but every house had a car, so when we went out to eat, we always felt like we were driving. That was quite fun.
「ドライブかぁ。俺、家族で車ってあんまり経験ないから、逆に羨ましいよ。どこに行くにも電車が多かったからさ」=Driving, huh? I've never been in a car with my family, so I envy you. We used to take the train everywhere.
「あはは、都会やったら車なくても平気やもんねぇ。電車の時間とか調べる必要もないくらい、ばんばん来るし……」=Haha, you don't need a car in the city, right? In the city, you don't even need to look up train times, they come so fast...
「やけど、それだけじゃちょっと寂しい気もするん。私ね、実は電車よりも車の方が好きなん。なんか自分たちだけの空間って感じがするし……お菓子とか食べても平気やし」=But I think that's a bit sad. I actually like cars better than trains. I actually prefer cars to trains because I feel like we have our own space... I don't mind eating snacks and stuff.
「確かに……[H名]と二人きりでドライブとかしたら楽しそう。好きな音楽とかかけて……電車じゃいけないような場所にも行けて……」=I think it would be fun to go for a drive alone with ...[H名]. You can play your favorite music and ... go to places you can't go by train...
「やろやろ！　やけんね、私、早く免許取りたいなーって思っとっちゃん。車買えるかどうかは分からんけど、とりあえず免許だけは……みたいな」=Yes, yes, yes!　I want to get my license as soon as possible. I don't know if I'll be able to buy a car, but I'd like to get my license from ...
「うん、いいね。その時は一緒に教習所行こっか。一人よりも二人の方が通ってて楽しそうだし」=Yeah, that sounds great. We should go to the driving school together then. It'll be more fun to go to the school with you than alone.
「うんっ！　一緒に免許取ったら、交代で運転しながらドライブ行きたいん！」=Yeah!　When we get our licenses together, we can take turns driving and go for a drive!
「やろやろ！　って言っても……私、免許取れるかどうか自信がないん……運動も苦手やし……絶対反射神経鈍いっちゃもん」=Yes, yes!　But I'm not sure if I'll be able to get my license... I'm not very athletic and my reflexes are definitely not good.
「そんなことないよ。運動が苦手でも運転してる人はたくさんいると思うし……教習所に行ってきちんと練習するんだから平気だよ」=That's not true. There are a lot of people who drive even though they are not good at sports... They go to driving schools and practice properly, so they will be fine.
「そうかいな……うーん……それじゃ、私が教習所通う時は君も一緒に通ってくれる？　なんか一人だと心細いん……」=I don't think so... Hmmm ... So, when I go to the driving school, will you go with me?　I'm feeling a little nervous about being alone...
「あはは、もちろんいいよ。俺も何かきっかけがないと通わなそうだし……[H名]が一緒なら楽しいし心強いよ。二人で免許取れたら、いつか一緒にドライブ行こうね」=I'm not sure what to do. I don't think I'd go to a driving school if I didn't have a chance...[H名] is fun and reassuring when you're with me. When we both get our licenses, we can go for a drive together sometime.
