「ねぇ、変なウサギがスタンプラリー配ってたよ。俺達もやってみる？」=Hey, there's a weird rabbit handing out stamp rallies. Do you want us to do it too?
「変なって、あれはここのマスコットよ？　フフッ、そんな風に言ったら可哀相よ」=() "Hey, there's a weird rabbit handing out stamps.　That's our mascot.
「はは、そうだね。で、どうしよっか？　景品も貰えるみたいだけど、スタンプラリーやる？」=Haha, yeah. So, what should we do?　Do you want to go on a stamp rally with prizes?
「遊園地の事を良く知るにはいいかもしれないわね。オススメの場所にスタンプがあるのだろうし」=It's a good way to get to know the park better. It's a good way to get to know the amusement park better. I'm sure there are stamps at all the recommended places.
「かな？　もしかしたら逆で、人気のない場所に敢えてスタンプを置いて、人を呼んでるのかもしれないよ？」=Maybe?　Maybe it's the other way around. Maybe they put stamps in unpopular places to attract people.
「それはそれで面白そうね。とにかくやってみましょうか。何事も経験よ」=That sounds interesting. Anyway, let's give it a try. Everything is an experience.
………………=...
「ほら、次はあっちよ。早く行きましょう」=Come on, let's go that way. Let's go.
「ちょっと待って……これ、結構歩き回ってしんどい……」=Wait a minute... This is going to be a lot of walking...
「もう、バテるのが早いわよ？　まだスタンプは３つ目、折り返しにもなってないわ」=You're getting tired fast.　You're on your third stamp and you haven't even turned around yet.
「わかってるけど、遊園地って思ってるより広いから、少し休憩しよう？」=I know, but amusement parks are bigger than you think, so why don't we take a break?
「仕方ないわねぇ。その間に最短で回れるコースを考えておくわ」=I don't blame you. I'll see what I can do in the shortest time.
「ありがとう。そうしてくれると助かるよ」=Thank you. Thank you. That would be great.
「フフッ、これは休憩ポイントも考えておいた方がいいわね。それもかなり多めに」=We'd better think about rest stops. We'll need a lot of them.
「おねがいします……お荷物にならないように、頑張って歩くよ」=Please... I'll walk as hard as I can without becoming a burden.
「えっと……休憩しない？　足がその、疲れちゃって……」=I'll do my best to walk without being a burden.　My feet are, you know, tired...
「あっ、ごめん。スタンプラリーに夢中になって、歩くペースを考えてなかった」=Oh, I'm sorry. I was so absorbed in the stamp rally that I didn't think about my walking pace.
「なるべくアナタのペースに合わせようとしたのだけど。やっぱり男子のペースには追い付けないわね」=I tried to match your pace as much as I could. I tried to match your pace as much as I could, but I still can't keep up with the pace of boys.
「むしろ途中まで合わせてくれていた事が驚きだよ。もう少し早く、俺が気付くべきだったね……」=I'm surprised you were able to keep up with me all the way. I should have figured it out a little earlier...
「いいの、気にしないで。目的地に向かって一直線に歩いて行くアナタ、ちょっとカッコよかったわよ」=No, don't worry about it. It was kind of cool to see you walking in a straight line towards your destination.
「そ、そう？　ただ景品が欲しかっただけかもしれないよ？」=Oh, really?　Maybe you just wanted a prize.
「それでもよ。何か目標があるというのは良い事だわ。さて、少し休憩できたし、スタンプラリーを再開しましょうか」=But still. It's good to have a goal. Now that we've had a break, let's resume the stamp rally.
「待って待って、いくらなんでも休憩が短すぎるって。焦る必要はないから、もう少し休んでからにしよう」=Wait, wait, wait, the break is too short. There's no need to rush, let's take a break first.
