「なんか周りが騒がしいね。まだ頼んだメニュー来てないし、席変えてもらう？」=There's a lot of noise around here. The menu hasn't arrived yet. Can we change seats?
「女子のグループが多いからな、女三人寄ればなんとやらだ。そこまで目くじらを立てる事もないだろう」=There are a lot of girls in the group, so three women can make a difference. We have a lot of girls in our group.
「へぇ、意外だね。[H名]なら煩いって自分から注意に行くかと思ってた」=Wow, that's surprising. I thought you'd be the one to warn them about the noise.
「いくら私だって、そこまではしないぞ？　あっちはあっちで楽しんでいるのだ、邪魔をするのは野暮だろう」=I wouldn't go that far myself, you know.　They're having fun over there. It's uncouth to interrupt them.
「そうだね。ちょっと神経質になり過ぎてたかも。[H名]も女子同士だとあんな風に賑やかに話すの？」=You're right. Maybe I was a little too nervous. Do you talk like that when you're with other girls?
「私は大して変わらんな。聞き役に回ることの方が多いのもあるが」=I'm not much different. I'm not much different, though I tend to be more of a listener.
「どんな話をしてるの？　やっぱりコイバナが多いのかな？」=What do you talk about?　What do you talk about? Do you talk about your love life?
「そうでもないぞ？　他愛のない話が殆どだ。最近はその……おまえとの事をからかわれる事が多くなったが……」=Not really.　Not really. Lately I've been getting a lot of teasing about my ... relationship with you.
「俺の事？　それってどんな？」=About me?　What's that about?
「下世話な話だ。どこまでしたのかとか……どちらかと言うと、おまえが好きそうな話だな」=It's a trivial story. It's more like a story about how far you've ... gone, which I think you'd like.
「ぅわぁ……女子の下ネタってエグイって聞くから……詳細は知らない方がよさそうだね……」=Wow... I've heard that girls' dirty talk can be pretty nasty... I'd rather not know the details...
「そうしておけ。こんな所で話す話題でもないしな。どうしても聞きたくなったら、二人きりの時にしてやる」=You should do that. It's not a topic that should be discussed here. If I have to ask, I'll do it when we're alone.
「楽しみなような、怖いような。とりあえずこの話は終わりかな」=I'm both excited and scared. Are we done talking about this for now?
「あぁ、そうだな。そろそろ頼んだものも来るんじゃないか？」=Yeah, I guess so. Isn't it about time you got what you asked for?
「うーん、どうだろ……結構混んでるし、俺の予想だともう少し待つと思う」=Hmmm, I don't know... is pretty crowded, and my guess is that we'll have to wait a little longer.
「そうか、まぁ急いでるわけでもない。こうしてゆっくり話すのが、今日の目的みたいなものだしな」=Well, I'm in no hurry. Well, I'm not in a hurry. Talking like this is kind of the point of the day.
「喫茶店デートとかは、あんまり好きじゃない？　退屈なら他の場所に行こうか？」=You don't really like coffee shop dates, do you?　If you're bored, we can go somewhere else.
「はは、気を使い過ぎだ。話題に詰まる事はあっても、おまえといて退屈という事はないから、安心しろ」=Haha, you're being overly cautious. You're being overly cautious. I may be bored, but I'm never bored with you, so don't worry.
「あー、話題に詰まるのわかるなぁ……正直、意識し出すと何を話していいか分からなくなるんだよね……」=I know what it's like to be stuck on a topic... To be honest, I don't know what to talk about when I'm conscious...
「そういうのもそのうち無くなっていくだろう。こうして二人の思い出を増やしていけば、自ずとな」=I'm sure that will go away in time. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
「なんかいいねそういうの。二人の思い出、どんどん増やしていこうね！」=I like that kind of thing. Let's make more and more memories together!
